VE_patches_README.md, before:

## Visual Enhance Patches

## 🎮 Introduction

This directory contains patches for the PCSX2 emulator. The table below lists patches specifically designed to correct issues related to blur, bloom, Ghosting, filters, and other visual effects that impact the visual quality of PlayStation 2 games when emulated with PCSX2. These patches aim to enhance the gaming experience by improving the overall visual fidelity of the games.

## 🛠️ Installation and Usage

1. Download the PCSX2 emulator from its [official site](https://pcsx2.net/).
2. Download the patches from this repository.
3. Place the `.pnach` files in the `cheats` folder of the PCSX2 directory.
4. Launch PCSX2 and enable the patches option in the settings/Game Properties. Ensure the cheats are activated before starting the game.

## 📂 Game Patches

| Game Title                               | Serial/Region | Observations |
| ---------------------------------------- | :-----------: | -----------: |
| Battlefield 2 - Modern Combat            | [SLUS-21026](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21026_AE1F3139.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Black | [SLES-53886](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53886_ADDFF505.pnach) [SLES-54030](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54030_CAA04879.pnach) [SLPM-66354](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-66354_B3A9F9ED.pnach) [SLUS-21376](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21376_5C891FF1.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Call of Duty - World at War - Final Fronts | [SLES-55367](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55367_B78A5F5A.pnach) [SLUS-21746](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21746_BFF3DBCB.pnach) |  |
| Castleween                               | [SLES-51249](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-51249_EE3BCA71.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Colosseum - Road to Freedom              | [SLUS-21179](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21179_9285A8D6.pnach) [SLES-53356](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53356_29CA91F1.pnach) | |
| Disney/Pixar Cars | [SLUS-21151](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21151_F2A25D7B.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Disney/Pixar WALL-E | [SLES-55186](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55186_87332077.pnach) [SLUS-21736](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21736_C4F479F5.pnach) | |
| Dog's Life | [SLUS-21018](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21018_35CB5180.pnach) [SCES-51248](PCSX2%20Patches/SCES-51248_531061F2.pnach) [SLPM-65995](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-65995_08E89523.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| DreamWorks Kung Fu Panda | [SLUS-21757](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21757_436D2C83.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| DreamWorks Shrek - Smash n' Crash Racing | [SLES-54553](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54553_7C8125F4.pnach) [SLUS-21392](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21392_34B473E6.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Echo Night Beyond / Nebula - Echo Night  | [SLPS-25314](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPS-25314_B6AA81EE.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Free Running | [SLES-54559](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54559_D6A0A3EF.pnach) |  |
| Godfather, The | [SLES-53971](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53971_9C593C78.pnach) [SLUS-21385](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21385_D850707E.pnach) [SLUS-21406](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21406_D850707E.pnach)|Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Headhunter - Redemption | [SLES-52512](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52512_2D24ABAD.pnach) [SLUS-20817](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20817_2F5EB1FF.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Ico | [SCES-50760](PCSX2%20Patches/SCES-50760_5C991F4E.pnach) |
| Killzone                                 | [SCUS-97402](PCSX2%20Patches/SCUS-97402_CAAEC49C.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Matrix, The - Path of Neo | [SLUS-21273](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21273_8BE5DFF3.pnach) ||
| Mercenaries 2 - World in Flames          | [SLUS-21650](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21650_D14CB5F0.pnach) [SLES-54997](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54997_A97B93F7.pnach) [SLES-55001](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55001_A97C9BFD.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Mercenaries - Playground of Destruction  | [SLES-53008](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53008_CBA0623D.pnach) [SLUS-20932](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20932_23510F99.pnach) | |
| Mortal Kombat - Shaolin Monks | [SLUS-21087](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21087_455DD546.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Okami                                    | [SLES-54439](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54439_891F223F.pnach) [SLPM-66375](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-66375_C5DEFEA0.pnach) [SLUS-21115](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21115_21068223.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Onimusha - Dawn of Dreams | [SLUS-21180](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21180_FE44479E.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Prince of Persia - The Sands of Time | [SLUS-20743](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20743_7F6EB3D0.pnach) |
| Prince of Persia - The Two Thrones | [SLUS-21287](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21287_84F3309D.pnach) | |
| Prince of Persia - Warrior Within | [SLUS-21022](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21022_6b17b39f.pnach) | |
| Project - Snowblind                      | [SLUS-21037](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21037_7849F069.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Red Dead Revolver | [SLUS-20500](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20500_E169BAF8.pnach) [SLES-52478](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52478_E2E67E23.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Red Ninja - End of Honor                 | [SLUS-20714](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20714_6B0F338D.pnach) | |
| Shadow of Rome | [SLUS-20902](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20902_57818AF6.pnach) [SLES-52950](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52950_B1995E29.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Silent Hill 2                            | [SLUS-20228](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20228_FE06A030.pnach) | |
| Sniper Elite                             | [SLUS-21231](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21231_395779C5.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Star Wars - Battlefront 2                | [SLUS-21240](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21240_249540F3.pnach) [SLES-53501](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53501_B68D35CA.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Star Wars - Battlefront                  | [SLES-52545](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52545_503BF9E1.pnach) [SLUS-20898](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20898_503BF9E1.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Double Agent | [SLES-53827](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53827_6BD0E9C2.pnach) [SLUS-21356](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21356_0198F1AD.pnach) | |

Commit message:

Shadow of the Colossus patches
Progressive Mode Aspec Ratio Fix, Disable Bloom, DOF, Filters and shadows

VE_patches_README.md, after:

## Visual Enhance Patches

## 🎮 Introduction

This directory contains patches for the PCSX2 emulator. The table below lists patches specifically designed to correct issues related to blur, bloom, Ghosting, filters, and other visual effects that impact the visual quality of PlayStation 2 games when emulated with PCSX2. These patches aim to enhance the gaming experience by improving the overall visual fidelity of the games.

## 🛠️ Installation and Usage

1. Download the PCSX2 emulator from its [official site](https://pcsx2.net/).
2. Download the patches from this repository.
3. Place the `.pnach` files in the `cheats` folder of the PCSX2 directory.
4. Launch PCSX2 and enable the patches option in the settings/Game Properties. Ensure the cheats are activated before starting the game.

## 📂 Game Patches

| Game Title                               | Serial/Region | Observations |
| ---------------------------------------- | :-----------: | -----------: |
| Battlefield 2 - Modern Combat            | [SLUS-21026](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21026_AE1F3139.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Black | [SLES-53886](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53886_ADDFF505.pnach) [SLES-54030](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54030_CAA04879.pnach) [SLPM-66354](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-66354_B3A9F9ED.pnach) [SLUS-21376](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21376_5C891FF1.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Call of Duty - World at War - Final Fronts | [SLES-55367](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55367_B78A5F5A.pnach) [SLUS-21746](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21746_BFF3DBCB.pnach) |  |
| Castleween                               | [SLES-51249](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-51249_EE3BCA71.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Colosseum - Road to Freedom              | [SLUS-21179](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21179_9285A8D6.pnach) [SLES-53356](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53356_29CA91F1.pnach) | |
| Disney/Pixar Cars | [SLUS-21151](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21151_F2A25D7B.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Disney/Pixar WALL-E | [SLES-55186](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55186_87332077.pnach) [SLUS-21736](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21736_C4F479F5.pnach) | |
| Dog's Life | [SLUS-21018](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21018_35CB5180.pnach) [SCES-51248](PCSX2%20Patches/SCES-51248_531061F2.pnach) [SLPM-65995](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-65995_08E89523.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| DreamWorks Kung Fu Panda | [SLUS-21757](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21757_436D2C83.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| DreamWorks Shrek - Smash n' Crash Racing | [SLES-54553](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54553_7C8125F4.pnach) [SLUS-21392](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21392_34B473E6.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Echo Night Beyond / Nebula - Echo Night  | [SLPS-25314](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPS-25314_B6AA81EE.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Free Running | [SLES-54559](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54559_D6A0A3EF.pnach) |  |
| Godfather, The | [SLES-53971](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53971_9C593C78.pnach) [SLUS-21385](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21385_D850707E.pnach) [SLUS-21406](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21406_D850707E.pnach)|Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Headhunter - Redemption | [SLES-52512](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52512_2D24ABAD.pnach) [SLUS-20817](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20817_2F5EB1FF.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Ico | [SCES-50760](PCSX2%20Patches/SCES-50760_5C991F4E.pnach) |
| Killzone                                 | [SCUS-97402](PCSX2%20Patches/SCUS-97402_CAAEC49C.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Matrix, The - Path of Neo | [SLUS-21273](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21273_8BE5DFF3.pnach) ||
| Mercenaries 2 - World in Flames          | [SLUS-21650](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21650_D14CB5F0.pnach) [SLES-54997](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54997_A97B93F7.pnach) [SLES-55001](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-55001_A97C9BFD.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Mercenaries - Playground of Destruction  | [SLES-53008](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53008_CBA0623D.pnach) [SLUS-20932](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20932_23510F99.pnach) | |
| Mortal Kombat - Shaolin Monks | [SLUS-21087](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21087_455DD546.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Okami                                    | [SLES-54439](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-54439_891F223F.pnach) [SLPM-66375](PCSX2%20Patches/SLPM-66375_C5DEFEA0.pnach) [SLUS-21115](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21115_21068223.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Onimusha - Dawn of Dreams | [SLUS-21180](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21180_FE44479E.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Prince of Persia - The Sands of Time | [SLUS-20743](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20743_7F6EB3D0.pnach) |
| Prince of Persia - The Two Thrones | [SLUS-21287](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21287_84F3309D.pnach) | |
| Prince of Persia - Warrior Within | [SLUS-21022](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21022_6b17b39f.pnach) | |
| Project - Snowblind                      | [SLUS-21037](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21037_7849F069.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Red Dead Revolver | [SLUS-20500](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20500_E169BAF8.pnach) [SLES-52478](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52478_E2E67E23.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Red Ninja - End of Honor                 | [SLUS-20714](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20714_6B0F338D.pnach) | |
| Shadow of Rome | [SLUS-20902](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20902_57818AF6.pnach) [SLES-52950](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52950_B1995E29.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Shadow of the Colossus | [SCUS-97472](PCSX2%20Patches/SCUS-97472_C19A374E.pnach) [SCES-53326](PCSX2%20Patches/SCES-53326_0F0C4A9C.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Silent Hill 2                            | [SLUS-20228](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20228_FE06A030.pnach) | |
| Sniper Elite                             | [SLUS-21231](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21231_395779C5.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Star Wars - Battlefront 2                | [SLUS-21240](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21240_249540F3.pnach) [SLES-53501](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53501_B68D35CA.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Star Wars - Battlefront                  | [SLES-52545](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-52545_503BF9E1.pnach) [SLUS-20898](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-20898_503BF9E1.pnach) |Tested :heavy_check_mark:|
| Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell - Double Agent | [SLES-53827](PCSX2%20Patches/SLES-53827_6BD0E9C2.pnach) [SLUS-21356](PCSX2%20Patches/SLUS-21356_0198F1AD.pnach) | |
